this summer columbia pictures
way back to the year one hi EEMA hi EEMA
yeah she doesn't even know I exist
there's like 60 people in the village he
I mean you really have to go out of your
way to not know that somebody exists
drag it back to your Hut what if she
struggles give her a little tap on the
head Oh women respond to that that's the
tree of the knowledge of good deed
that's sort of an ology taste yeah does
it have a sort of forbidden taste cuz
that's what it is your first man you
better get out of here I'm going my
start a new tribe to be ten times better
give me called muscle drive of danger
and excellence so who's West Bay Oh
shooting star that's the best we're good
fine bye you're coming yeah just 82 me
Chris my brother came I'm called able
you are called suck that's how we do it
no Tommy good no I just have to figure
out a way to rescue her this guys are
killers
we have an incredible destiny
I want you to enter the Holy of Holies
that is quite a coincidence because I
want you to sit on the pulley of ponies
sit tight mama daddy's gotta fight I
never got a sword I only got the holder
I didn't know that that's what it was
for the prisoners shall be stoned right
let us choose who gets to stone us that
guy this is a kid so you got something
against kids this guy hates kids oh that
kids got an arm oh there's two of us
you're one I need to go be slave now we
should do something when when do you get
off never oh yeah Chris I'm gonna strike
an opposing